Command Line Arguments                    

https://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/291/B

*special problem

1300

The problem describes the properties of a command line. The description somehow resembles the one you usually see in real operating systems. However, there are differences in the behavior. Please make sure you've read the statement attentively and use it as a formal document.In the Pindows operating system a strings are the lexemes of the command line — the first of them is understood as the name of the program to run and the following lexemes are its arguments. For example, as we execute the command " run.exe one, two . ", we give four lexemes to the Pindows command line: "run.exe", "one,", "two", ".". More formally, if we run a command that can be represented as string s (that has no quotes), then the command line lexemes are maximal by inclusion substrings of string s that contain no spaces.To send a string with spaces or an empty string as a command line lexeme, we can use double quotes. The block of characters that should be considered as one lexeme goes inside the quotes. Embedded quotes are prohibited — that is, for each occurrence of character """ we should be able to say clearly that the quotes are opening or closing. For example, as we run the command ""run.exe o" "" " ne, " two . " " ", we give six lexemes to the Pindows command line: "run.exe o", "" (an empty string), " ne, ", "two", ".", " " (a single space).It is guaranteed that each lexeme of the command line is either surrounded by spaces on both sides or touches the corresponding command border. One of its consequences is: the opening brackets are either the first character of the string or there is a space to the left of them.You have a string that consists of uppercase and lowercase English letters, digits, characters ".,?!"" and spaces. It is guaranteed that this string is a correct OS Pindows command line string. Print all lexemes of this command line string. Consider the character """ to be used only in order to denote a single block of characters into one command line lexeme. In particular, the consequence is that the given string has got an even number of such characters.