Embassy Queue                    

https://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/85/B

data structures

1800

In an embassy of a well-known kingdom an electronic queue is organised. Every person who comes to the embassy, needs to make the following three actions: show the ID, pay money to the cashier and be fingerprinted. Besides, the actions should be performed in the given order.For each action several separate windows are singled out: k1 separate windows for the first action (the first type windows), k2 windows for the second one (the second type windows), and k3 for the third one (the third type windows). The service time for one person in any of the first type window equals to t1. Similarly, it takes t2 time to serve a person in any of the second type windows. And it takes t3 to serve one person in any of the third type windows. Thus, the service time depends only on the window type and is independent from the person who is applying for visa.At some moment n people come to the embassy, the i-th person comes at the moment of time ci. The person is registered under some number. After that he sits in the hall and waits for his number to be shown on a special board. Besides the person's number the board shows the number of the window where one should go and the person goes there immediately. Let's consider that the time needed to approach the window is negligible. The table can show information for no more than one person at a time. The electronic queue works so as to immediately start working with the person who has approached the window, as there are no other people in front of the window.The Client Service Quality inspectors noticed that several people spend too much time in the embassy (this is particularly tiresome as the embassy has no mobile phone reception and 3G). It was decided to organise the system so that the largest time a person spends in the embassy were minimum. Help the inspectors organise the queue. Consider that all actions except for being served in at the window, happen instantly.