Goblins And Gnomes                    

https://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/1525/F

brute force

2800

Monocarp plays a computer game called "Goblins and Gnomes". In this game, he manages a large underground city of gnomes and defends it from hordes of goblins.The city consists of n halls and m one-directional tunnels connecting them. The structure of tunnels has the following property: if a goblin leaves any hall, he cannot return to that hall. The city will be attacked by k waves of goblins; during the i-th wave, i goblins attack the city. Monocarp's goal is to pass all k waves.The i-th wave goes as follows: firstly, i goblins appear in some halls of the city and pillage them; at most one goblin appears in each hall. Then, goblins start moving along the tunnels, pillaging all the halls in their path. Goblins are very greedy and cunning, so they choose their paths so that no two goblins pass through the same hall. Among all possible attack plans, they choose a plan which allows them to pillage the maximum number of halls. After goblins are done pillaging, they leave the city.If all halls are pillaged during the wave — Monocarp loses the game. Otherwise, the city is restored. If some hall is pillaged during a wave, goblins are still interested in pillaging it during the next waves.Before each wave, Monocarp can spend some time preparing to it. Monocarp doesn't have any strict time limits on his preparations (he decides when to call each wave by himself), but the longer he prepares for a wave, the fewer points he gets for passing it. If Monocarp prepares for the i-th wave for t_i minutes, then he gets \max(0, x_i - t_i \cdot y_i) points for passing it (obviously, if he doesn't lose in the process).While preparing for a wave, Monocarp can block tunnels. He can spend one minute to either block all tunnels leading from some hall or block all tunnels leading to some hall. If Monocarp blocks a tunnel while preparing for a wave, it stays blocked during the next waves as well.Help Monocarp to defend against all k waves of goblins and get the maximum possible amount of points!