Roads in E City                    

https://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/1819/E

interactive

3200

This is an interactive problem.As is well known, the city "E" has never had its roads repaired in its a thousand and a half years old history. And only recently the city administration repaired some of them.It is known that in total in the city "E" there are n intersections and m roads, which can be used in both directions, numbered with integers from 1 to m. The i-th road connects intersections with numbers a_i and b_i.Among all m roads, some subset of the roads has been repaired, but you do not know which one. The only information you could get from the city's road services is that you can get from any intersection to any other intersection by driving only on the roads that have been repaired.You are a young entrepreneur, and decided to organize a delivery service of fresh raw meat in the city "E" (in this city such meat is called "steaks", it is very popular among the locals). You have already recruited a staff of couriers, but the couriers are willing to travel only on repaired roads. Now you have to find out which roads have already been repaired.The city administration has given you the city for a period of time, so you can make different queries of one of three types:  Block the road with the number x. In this case, movement on the road for couriers will be forbidden. Initially all roads are unblocked. Unblock the road with the number x. In this case, couriers will be able to move on the road x if it is repaired. Try to deliver the order to the intersection with the number y. In this case, one of your couriers will start moving from intersection with number s you don't know and deliver the order to intersection with number y if there is a path on unblocked repaired roads from intersection s to intersection y. It is guaranteed that intersection s will be chosen beforehand. Unfortunately, the city is placed at your complete disposal for a short period of time, so you can make no more than 100 \cdot m requests.